{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17540\viewh11220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 summarized points:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}simulation: not enough. comparison with other existing methods (
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the analysis results should be richer, in addition to the only Fig. 5.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 )\
{\listtext	2.	}experiment: not clear how it verifies my results\
{\listtext	3.	}novelty: stress the novelty and contribution of this paper.\
{\listtext	4.	}Writing:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}reduce the content, e.g. sensor definition on page 2\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Please specify the measurement issue existed in the measurement for networked unmanned vehicles.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Please do not use abbreviation in title.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Please give the Index terms after abstract part.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Please explain how the distributed Bayesian filter can be used in real world.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Add future work\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
original reviewer comments (initial submission)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 reviewer 1:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 This paper presents a measurement dissemination-based distributed Bayesian filtering approach for target localization using networked UGVs. The Latest-In-and-Full-Out (LIFO) protocol is introduced to reduce the communication burden. The topics is interesting, but I have some problems to discuss with the authors\
The detailed comments are given as follows:\
\
1 What is the novelty of the paper? Please specify in the paper.\
2 Whether the length of paper could be shorten or not? In this case, a part of supplementary material could be added in the paper considering the supplementary material could not be read by readers.\
3 Whether the definition of several typical sensors on page 2 can be reduced or not?\
4 \cf3 Please specify the measurement issue existed in the measurement for networked unmanned vehicles.\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 reviewer 2:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 This paper presents a measurement dissemination-based distributed Bayesian filter (DBF) for a network of unmanned ground vehicles (UGVs). The paper is well written and its objective is clearly presented. However, the originality of the paper needs to be further clarified. There are some comments need to be clarified as described in the following.\
\
Comments:\
\
1. Please do not use abbreviation in title.\
2. Please give the Index terms after abstract part.\
3. \cf4 In the section V, experiment is not demonstrated clearly, especially how the method the authors proposed is verified.\cf0 \
4. Please explain how the distributed Bayesian filter can be used in real world.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 reviewer 3:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This paper disucsses a measurement dissemination-based distributed Bayesian filter for networked unmanned vehicles. The proposed method is clearly elucidated with rigorous mathematics. Some experimental results are given. The following comments must be addressed before its final acceptance.\
\
1. Please avoid abbreviations in the title.\
2. The novelty and contributions could be more explicit in the introduction section.\
3. \cf4 In my mind. the analysis results should be richer, in addition to the only Fig. 5. How about a comparison with other existing methods?\cf2 \
4. A hint on likely future work is welcome.\
\

\b reviewer 4:\

\b0 This paper is well written. The reviewer suggest to further highlight the main contributions of this work.}