{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11940\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Reviewer 1 of 2017 ACC submission 405\
\
Comments to the author\
======================\
\
This paper introduced a Latest-In-and-Full-Out protocol\
into distributed Bayesian filters for networked UGVs. Two\
scenarios of target localization to demonstrate the\
effectiveness of the algorithm were simulated. This paper\
is well-written and organized. I would like to see these\
improvements.\
1.	Why do you simulate six UGVs? Does the 
\b number of\
UGVs
\b0  have a large impact on the results? \
2.	Fig 4 and 5 showed the average position estimation\
errors of 1st, 3rd, and 5th UGV\'eds LIFO-DBF. Can you also\
show the 
\b worst case
\b0  of 10 test trials?\
\
\
Reviewer 4 of 2017 ACC submission 405\
\
Comments to the author\
======================\
\
This paper cites good reason for the need to improve sensor\
measurement dissemination and provides a reasonable\
real-world application for their method. The groundwork is\
very clear and concise and allows readers without a\
background in sensor network data communication to\
understand the problem and proposed solution. The\
simulations that are presented are very understandable and\
the benchmark between their method and other methods\
demonstrate the validity of Latest-In-and-Full-Out\
protocols for distributed Bayesian filtering. Ultimately, I\
believe that this paper would be a good contribution to the\
IEEE American Control Conference, and addressing the\
weaknesses below would further enhance this research.\
\
Weaknesses:\
\'ef	Perhaps more simulations could be presented in the\
paper to show that the system works for different\
topography configurations.\
\'ef	In the simulation results, Target Position Errors\
and Entropy of PDFs are reported for Sensors 1, 3, and 5,\
but not 
\b Sensors 2, 4, and 6
\b0 .\
\
\
Reviewer 5 of 2017 ACC submission 405\
\
Comments to the author\
======================\
\
This paper proposes a Latest-In-and-Full-Out (LIFO) local\
measurement exchange protocol in distributed Bayesian\
filtering (DBF) scheme for unmanned ground vehicle (UGV)\
network. Considering a fixed and undirected network\
topology, it proves a non-intermittent observation\
dissemination can be obtained for the network in finite\
time. The proposed LIFO-based DBF algorithms are applied\
for static and moving target tracking. The main\
contribution of this work is the proposed LIFO observation\
dissemination protocol can lead to a significant reduction\
of communication burden compared with the popular\
statistics dissemination strategies. \
\
In overall, this is a clear-written and well-organized\
paper. But there are still several minor suggestions for\
the\
authors to make the draft better:\
\
1.	The 
\b propagation in Fig. 2
\b0  can be better explained\
with the help of Algorithm 1, the explanation may be put in\
the caption of Fig. 2.\
2.	It will be better if author can further explain why\
the record set in Fig. 3 is a 
\b triangle
\b0 ; right now it\'eds not\
very clear.\
3.	In the end of section III A and III C, the author\
claims the length of transmitted data and storage size of\
the statistics dissemination method have complexity of\
O(M^2). It will be better if author can add the 
\b reference
\b0 \
of the statistics dissemination method here, does all\
statistics dissemination methods have same complexity?\
4.	There are several problems with the notations: (i)\
In last sentence of section II C (updating part),
\b  should\
z^i_k be in bold as eq. (6)
\b0 ? (ii) In the paragraph after\
Corollary 2, the grid size if M-by-M, is this an 
\b abuse of\
notation
\b0  with the adjacency matrix M defined in section II\
B? (iii) In the first paragraph of section V A, the author\
writes \'ecA being an identity matrix and B_k being a zero\
matrix in eq. (1)\'ee, but 
\b eq. (1)
\b0  is a general model without\
matrix A and B_k.\
\
}