{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\vieww10800\viewh8420\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx4880\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Difference from Leung\'92s work:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. In Leung\'92s work, robots do not update state estimate at every step. It only updates when a checkpoint is found. The result is that, the pair of robots who exchange information at the checkpoint will have the same state estimate in store, and some measurements that will be used for future fusion. This is very different from my work! My work does not ensure the same estimate at each time between some pair of robots, but ensure consistency and utilize the most up-to-date measurement.\
2. In Leung\'92s work, the exchanged information include state estimate, measurement and odometry. My method does not exchange state estimate.\
3. My work can also prove the consistency even intermittent measurement is received. though not equivalent to centralized case, but will also be consistent.\
4. My work is different in that the way Leung used to handle separate groups of robots does not apply to my case, since all robots measure the target. So the pdf are correlated, even the measurements are obtained separately.\
\
My potential contribution:\
besides the points mentioned above, my work can potentially handle more cases:\
1. dynamic network with unidirectional communication\
2. changing number of robots (use the property of asymptotic consistency)\
\
based on meeting with Shengbo (1/13/17)\
revisions to make:\
writing:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\strike \strikec0 revise the whole paper from beginning. make marks about what changes to make to ensure consistent writing and definition. also make sure to emphasize on the big idea that transmitting measurement instead of the map.\strike0\striked0 \
{\listtext	2.	}\strike \strikec0 Revise proposition 1 in ch3.
\f1\fs22 \strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
simulation:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\strike \strikec0 in simulation, consider multiple target tracking and more variations of topologies (e.g. 4 types)\
\ls2\ilvl0\strike0\striked0 {\listtext	2.	}\strike \strikec0 add a network change graph for the simulation\strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 based on meeting with Shengbo (2/3/17) and my ideas\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\strike \strikec0 show more simulation steps for dbf. make large movement of robot. use a larger noise. also add figures for CF and CbDF. In the metric plot, show all six robots\'92 line using the same line.\strike0\striked0 \
{\listtext	2.	}\strike \strikec0 think about CB length\strike0\striked0 \
{\listtext	3.	}\strike \strikec0 add noise to the motion model\strike0\striked0 \
{\listtext	4.	}\strike \strikec0 add one sentence, saying that we only prove consistency for the case of static target, and this makes sense since we can assume that the convergence is achieved faster than object\'92s moving speed.\strike0\striked0 \
{\listtext	5.	}\strike \strikec0 explain why DBF achieves better performance than CbDF.\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 based on meeting with Shengbo (2/11/17)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}sec 4.2, explain what\'92s going in the algorithm\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}fix the notation for the end of proof (solid black box)\
{\listtext	3.	}fix the todohotes\
{\listtext	4.	}read through, especially sec 3-6\
{\listtext	5.	}\cf2 in the submission, include the paper of ref [27], mention in the cover letter this is the previous work.\cf0 \
}